"What place is this? This place where old people weep over the graves of children? How has it happened? 
How has it been permitted? 
I've passed people with burning mouths. 
People buying water in a rusty piece of tin, and beside them I see people swimming in a lake that they have made from water in the sea!
.. I see people that sit in dust and beg for illegal mining jobs that will bury them alive. 
And on the other side I those whose wallets are filled with coins, living in cities loaded with diamonds worth thousands of litres."
- Woza Soldiers!

Mzansi, 2079. Drinking water has vanished & diamonds are used to purify seawater.
The new world order is run from the United States of Africa, with Mzansi as the preeminent state and //Hui!gaeb as the capital.
However politically not much has changed from the 2020's until now.
Most people are still unplugged and destined for doom in a digital world, 
so sadly their only option is to brave the forsaken diamond mines of the North West where the New Right and The Sultans rule.
The 'North West' is an arid landscape spread with fracking wells and mines galore. 
The Sultans are a Alt Right diamond smuggling crime syndicate who have taken over most of the inland desert towns, 
holding all city folk under constant threat.
Fortuitously the unplugged still has some hope to afford their daily water.
The United Peoples for Afrika are gathering all @SoldiersofTheApokolips to save the unplugged from their diamond doom
and combine their artisan powers to mine digital diamonds on the Afrinet.
But the Sultans know this all too well and have started using the tech to grow and retain their universal diamond monopoly!
And so the battle for Fedhacoin has begun. 
Are you ready to combine your artisan powers with the @SoldiersofTheApokolips in order to save the Unplugged?
The UPA calls on YOU to Actualize YOUR Artisan Identity & #RiseUP!
Let's defeat the Sultans once and for all!

#Unplugged #AfrikanerApokolips #Fedha #SoldiersoftheApokolips #HuigaebCity #Mzansi2079

Claim your AI >>



