use this poem as intro
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CCqKULC7k0F6pLkWdXuHSqXCNE2GlQkt-e37_PScH0E/edit?usp=sharing

!Huisgaeb City, Mzansi, United States of Africa, 25 April 25 2075
WOE
Today I write a story of woe
I've not been there before
but oh -
oh what a sweet story though.
There was this girl, sommer n afrikanse flerrie girl, sproete en al en toes sy nou nogal
- jy weet net so 'ietsie'kie different ek seh djou.
Is sowaar n mengelkind, van toeka
tot nou
Ek seh jou, daaise blerrie 
AfrikanerApokolips
dis 'n grou 
skemer
grou
daai blou
sagte grys
grou
man dis net so n gevoel
daai ding, jy weet daai ding waar jy voel dat iets net so, so half nerens maar erens tussen jou ver is en na jou soek.
dis iets waarvan jy nie ken sonner leef nie jy sien
dis dan
dis dan dat dinge net so staan draai en draai om jou
dit maal en maal
en voor jy jouself kan kom kry dan sit stap jy nog so in die gang af en hiert 
slat jou serp skoon aan't brand
It's such a strange wonderful life -
I battle to keep sane


“I live my life with stories that came before me. I tell stories because of stories that were told
before. I wrote a story, a screenplay, called Duiwelsdorp ‘Devil Town’ because of stories that
were told before me, to me and now a story lives within me. I am a storyteller because I am a
woman, born from woman, alive through story. I am a woman because I give birth - to story,
who actually first gave birth to me…It is in this sense that I then take up my place next to this
“new generation of post-apartheid South African filmmakers” (storytellers/historians) and
assume the duty of reminding my society “of its near and distant origins, of the experiences
that shaped it, of its cultural wellsprings” (Confino, 1997: 1187). I took it upon myself to tell
another real story of South Africa, the story of Johannesburg, the story of Duiwelsdorp
(2015)… By choosing to tell the story of Jack McKeone and other white outlaw heroes,
Duiwelsdorp (2015) challenges the popular notion of criminality and delinquency in South
Africa. ” - Carla Espost in Duiwelsdorp (2015): A Sangoma’s Story of South Africa.

comic book idea is what blog is about here
- the title of the first  comic book which will consist of a series of paintings
also write about narrative writing process as well as game design learning

the story of the south west african diamonds

veldmanshuis - hosue of a veldman  2013 installation ciespost, performance by jane-le gouws
die blink goed wat allereen gebruik
as part of Artwalk CPT I took part in a group show at Greatmore Studios on 7 dec 2013 
Till it breaks - strung out

my work consisted of site specific installations

Point of comic is to be manual for ARG - world BG info
Start with the beginning (introduce the goal), middle (overcome challenges), and end (realize an altered/improved state). 
Later you can build simple and complex interactions (game mechanics) as well as twists around the basic story elements.
"In the Robots Are Eating The Building ARG (discussed here), 
the story of the robots was used to kick off the game during the opening session of the conference."
"With all the conference attendees in the auditorium, 
the host directed everyone to a pretend “live” feed from the security desk (it was a recorded video). 
The security area was being introduced as a hub for information and directions if attendees needed assistance during the conference."
"As the feed from the security desk was being highlighted and emphasized as a place for information and directions, 
the other feeds began to go fuzzy and out of focus. 
Screams were heard in the background. 
Text replaced the video feeds to proclaim, “Robots Are Eating the Building! Play If You Dare!!!” 

^ context for the comic book as manual - I will have to create the teaser info 
and then create call to action at end of comic publishing
>> what comes after comic book

```The story for an ARG should provide direction and context for gameplay. ```
The ultimate player reward may be winning the game, winning a prize, or receiving some other sort of recognition.
But, the story goal should be about saving the day, discovering a new opportunity, 
or overcoming adversity, both at an individual and group level.
- reward for participation can be avatar created by me or something 
"The robot story also promoted gameplay by providing a theme and overarching goal (defeat the robots and save the building)."

"Med Bot, Mil Bot, Ed Bot, Biz Bot, Consult Bot, and ID Bot were then introduced as the robots eating the building.
A URL where conference attendees could register to play was displayed as the final screen of the video.
```The story was used to draw the players into the game. 
It also provided additional context to the cards in the attendee packets that players used to participate in the game. ```
