AA_BusinessModel_1

SEE PIC 1 
https://github.com/CIEspost/Afrikaner-Apokolips/blob/master/AA_BusinessModel_1.CR2

sell on insta start
sell paintings, photos and photobooks
- sell avatar creations/stories custom made

How
make MMO type exploration scenes based on engagement (as artworks)
each scene is a product

Focus on creating your art and finding people who like it. That’s all that matters right now. 
Besides, the less you need to run your art business, the less you have to sell to keep running your art business.
No one who buys your art cares if you have a degree, but they do care that you have an education and an opinion 
about what you create and sell.
https://lateralaction.com/articles/sell-your-art/

Last year’s awesome Marvel movie Black Panther put Afrofuturism center stage, 
delivering a universe of hi-tech sci-fi wonders imagined through the prism of African culture and tradition.
BOAA is still in Tech Demo (pre-alpha), with the 0.3.2 update adding three new game modes to the work in progress: 
an arcade-style endless mode, 1v1 local multiplayer, and a progression mode that gradually ramps up the difficulty over 25 stages.
But before then Illuminia Studio is adopting an open development policy and inviting as many players as possible 
to have a go on the tech demo and give feedback. So if you want to see your ideas come to life in an exciting new 
Afrofuturist action platformer, this is your chance.
If there’s one thing that aspiring artists continually destroy their businesses with, it’s their own self doubt.
There’s a market for every type of art and you don’t have to be the very best in the world to sell yours. You just 
have to be the best in your customer’s world. That means being the best thing available to them in their own sphere of influence.
Think of the last piece of art you paid for. Did you buy it because it was the most technically amazing piece of work you’ve seen 
or did you buy it because it told a story you liked?
People like art that looks good, but they buy it because it makes them feel good.
Better technique comes with more practice. Practice telling better stories and the technique (and money) will follow.
People pay attention to things that their friends tell them about. When you’re starting out, your job is to be persistent 
and tell stories that people want to share.
At this stage, skill and aptitude have nothing to do with it. Hard to believe, I know. Truth is, everyone starts out 
“not good enough.” Only the people that actually start end up becoming good enough.
Think of everything you wish you could have before you get started and then imagine how you’d begin if you could never have it.
Start there.
https://www.droidgamers.com/2018/09/12/boaa-is-a-cool-looking-afrofuturist-platform-game-and-you-can-help-make-it/

95.5% 5-year growth rate for the online market, compared to a 6.5% 5-year growth rate for the broader market.
more millennial art buyers preferring to purchase art online in 2018 than in 2017 (29% in 2018 compared to 14% in 2017) 
according to the Hiscox Online Art Trade Report 2019. 
the report suggests that the online art market is playing a discovery role for a new generation of art collectors. In 2018, 23%
of millennials said they had never bought art from a physical location like a gallery or art fair prior to purchasing art online, 
up from 18% in 2017.
67% of art buyers in 2019 (and 73% of respondents aged 35 and below) saying that social media posts by artists and their studios 
had the biggest influence on their art acquisitions. 79% of buyers (up from just 44% in 2014) use Instagram to follow artists they know,
and 80% (up from 48% in 2014) use Instagram to discover new artists. 
Instagram has emerged as the social media platform of choice for the art world: 66% of respondents said it was their social media 
preference for art related activity.
online platforms and their clients will continue to leverage the power of data and analytics to improve user experiences and streamline
the discovery process. By pairing data with machine learning, content on these platforms can be dynamically filtered and refined to 
match personal tastes and preferences, or art related events of interest narrowed to local galleries, museums or auctions based on a 
given location. And crucially, better transparency of information about artworks (such as past price performance) will address trust 
issues that have deterred some buyers from making art purchases online.
https://medium.com/datadriveninvestor/how-the-online-art-market-defied-the-skeptics-1c123adf68ea

your main goal is to be noticed. You have to make people aware that you are an artist and you have art for sale.
Learning how to sell your art begins will understanding how to promote and market your art.
develop a plan, stay consistent with your efforts, continue to learn, assess and revise the strategies you are implementing, 
stay patient and believe in yourself you can and will accomplish your goals. You can never fail as long as you do not stop trying.
https://www.nevuefineartmarketing.com/sell-art-online-startup/
