High Pitch
Afrikaner Apokolips is an'African Film Noir SciFi Game' - set in the year 2079 in !Hui Gaeb City, formerlyknown as Cape Town; 
drinking water has vanished & diamonds are used to purify seawater.


Game Concept
"What place is this? This place where old people weep over the graves of children? How has it happened? 
How has it been permitted? 
I've passed people with burning mouths. 
People buying water in a rusty piece of tin, and beside them I see people swimming in a lake that they have made from water that is here!
.. I see people that sit in dust and beg for illegal mining jobs that will bury them alive. 
And on the other side I those whose wallets are filled with coins, living in cities loaded with diamonds worth thousands of litres."
- Woza Soldiers!

Mzansi, 2079. Drinking water has vanished & diamonds are used to purify seawater.
The new world order is run from the United States of Africa, with Mzansi as the preeminent state and //Hui!gaeb as the capital.
However politically not much has changed from the 2020's until now.
Most people are still unplugged and destined for doom in a digital world, 
so sadly their only option is to brave the forsaken diamond mines of the North West where the New Right and The Sultans rule.
The 'North West' is an arid landscape spread with fracking wells and mines galore. 
The Sultans are a Alt Right diamond smuggling crime syndicate who have taken over most of the half-deserted inland towns, 
holding what townsfolk are left under constant threat.
Luckily these townsfolk and the unplugged still has some hope to afford their daily water without getting murdered by history...

The new @SoldiersofTheApokolips has found the perfect solution for the unplugged's diamond doom - 
They are now combining their artisan powers to mine digital diamonds on the Afrinet.
But the Sultans know this too and have started using it to retain their age-old diamond monopoly.
The battle for the Fedhacoin has begun. Are you ready?
Combine your artisan powers with the @SoldiersofTheApokolips and defeat the Sultans once and for all!
#RiseUP #AfrikanerApokolips

Claim your Artisan Identity (AI) >>
