blog: game is in preproduction phase, write about the dream of the sandbox type game, fortnite vibes, tell them this is a rodamap and that we will start with a moile game
Pre-production or design phase is a planning phase of the project focused on idea and concept development and production of initial design documents. 
The goal of concept development is to produce clear and easy to understand documentation, 
which describes all the tasks, schedules and estimates for the development team. 
The goal of concept development is to produce clear and easy to understand documentation, 
which describes all the tasks, schedules and estimates for the development team. 
The suite of documents produced in this phase is called production plan. 


fortnite and people's stories as reason to make game

Our marketing campaign, or what can now be called the AA Instagram ARG (Alternative Reality Game)
Having a longer-term strategy and execution plan on how to continuously scale and grow the initiative is key.
After creating an avatar, users are invited into a virtual world where they can have fun and explore
There will be rewards and a leaderboard too
There will eventually be product giveaways and downloadable, digital gifts.
Gamification initiatives should be designed and launched incrementally and iteratively.
There will be continuous improvements - like new rewards, skills, levels and powerups
Pre-production or design phase is a planning phase of the project focused on idea and concept development and production of initial design documents.
The goal of concept development is to produce clear and easy to understand documentation, which describes all the tasks, schedules and estimates for the development team. 
The suite of documents produced in this phase is called production plan.


WWW? WHY ARE WE HERE?
We are making AFRIKANER APOKOLIPS game It's our FIRST game!!!!!!! 
We would like to share our JOURNEY Any and all FEEDBACK is most welcome :) 
Story, gaming experience dictates tech 
PRODUCING A GAME 
Research Industry Gaming Audience stats Gameplay duration Equipment availability
Taking the growth of industry & tech into account Keeping up with the times 
Chosen a Delivery PLATFORM_WebVR 
Have a STORYLINE, Characters, plot ready to go 
Connecting with community Marketing Building team Started on GDD
Afrikaner Apokolips_Official Synopsis

Concept A game concept is an idea for a game, briefly describing its core play mechanisms, who the players represent, and how they win or lose.
A game concept may be "pitched" to a game publisher in a similar manner as film ideas are pitched to potential film producers.
Alternatively, game publishers holding a game license to intellectual property in other media may solicit game concepts from several designers before picking one to design a game, typically paying the designer in advance against future royalties.
Walking Dead e.g. After society was ripped apart by undead hands, pockets of civilization emerge from the chaos. But at what cost?
Can the living be trusted on this new frontier? Telltale's latest episodic adventure in the world of the Walking Dead is now available on all your favorite devices.
Afrikaner Apkolips WIP: Bettie and her story is one part of the whole story but it's the main part…
The first time she meets them… When Clive gets killed First scene in the game…
After the global fracking catastrophe, all water has become undrinkable. Diamonds are used for water purification, making it triple in value. The first season of the game plays off in !Hui Gaeb City, the clean air capital of the new United Africa (UA). It is here where one of the last Afrikaners, Bettie van Der Merwe, is caught in the crossfire of Africa's most notorious diamond smuggling crime syndicate all by herself -
that is until she stumbles across detective Tsietsie 'Trouble' Nkwane. Poor Tsietsie doesn't know what he got himself into as Bettie, the ultimate femme fatale is only focused on one thing - tracking down her deceased boyfriend's killer, the biggest diamond smuggler in Mzansi.
On her dangerous trail to the top, Bettie finds herself entranced with the diamonds, the trance reaches her in her dreams wherein she meets the Ancient Water Spirit who becomes her guiding light in this dangerous journey of revenge, diamonds and corruption.
Bettie van Der Merwe is caught in the crossfire of Africa's most notorious diamond smuggling crime syndicate all by herself.
2075 A.D. - Diamond desalination's mass drought. United Africa the new superpower and diamond smuggling the highest earning profession.

Making a MMO(VR)RPG_Afrikaner Apokolips_Official Gameplay Massively Multiplayer RPG, Real time team based strategy

Passive conflict: Water Scarcity/Water Goddess/World of Spirits/History Lurking Active Conflict: Your Enemy Players can choose sides (good/bad) And in each 'side' they can choose from an array of characters
Teams to choose from: Little Kidogo Clan Clive's fam Tsietsie family (government vibes) Bettie's family Guptas Rothchilds
Characters inevitably have to interact with each other to survive Memories are used as clues

Main Characters: Bettie van der Merwe Clive Meintjies

AA_But, with the global recession of 2008, Millennials saw their dreams fading 
- education, the key to success, became too expensive and the job market slumped. 
Then, the political and social turmoil kicked in with unprecedented numbers of refugees excluded from society 
and the rise of the right across the world.
